




    HTML colors
    .............

    color name 
       Eg: red,tomato,gold pink
    
    RGB (Red,green,blue)
       Eg: rgb(200,100,115)

    HEX - Hexadecimal value
        Eg: #ffaacc 

    Hsl - Hue , saturation, Lightness values
        Eg: hsl(10,90%,65%)
     
    RGBA - RGB with Alpha channels
        Eg:rgba(200,100,115,0.5)

    
    Div Elements
        It is a block level container, used to group elements for styling and javascript functionalities


    Class Elements
         class is an attribute that can be added to an element to apply specific style or behavior to the element
        
        
    HTML id
         A unique identifier assigned to one element within a document. Id attribute should only be used once per html page

    Iframe 
        <iframe> element is used to embed another document within the current html page  


    Html Forms
       Html forms are used to collect user input =>it allows user to enter data for submission to the server
        
        
      
      

css (cascading style sheet)

1. Inline css
   - style attribute inside the html
2. Internal CSS:
    - <style> element inside the tag
3. External CSS:
    - <link> element to link an External css file

Box Model
    . padding
    . border
    . margin

Display
   . Flex - used to create layouts ,we can create a compltete website using flex . Flex is one dimentional



      
      
        TASK 1
  day 1
    1. main heading - Taj Mahal
     .color set using RGB
     .Underlined text
    
    2. An image of Taj Mahal with a specified height and width

    3. A paragraph describing its history with atleast one italic,bold,marked(change marked color) with a background color using HEX

    4. Another paragraph with bold word should be marked as red.


    day 2

    create an html table should contains atleast 5 rows and 4 columns
    each row should represents a different products
    1 st row contains heading productid,productname,price and availability
      row- class contains same color samefontsize same background same font family

      col- id contains same color samefontsize same background same font family






    